Great.
So let's have a quick look at heading Teigen copy optimization really the common theme here is that
search engines are going to give more credits if you make the text larger if you bolded a few for minors
.
And that's why it's important to have the keywords in those particular places.
So you know the first thing is really to place the key words in your heading tags.
So different types of heading tags which really correlate to the different sizes of text so place the
keywords in your page one page to page three times.
When I show you in an example I think that's going to become really clear.
So the other thing is that it's best to have 2000 plus words on the page.
A huge study was done and conclusive evidence showed that the longer is really the better.
You know in that in all those were in our copy what you want to do is include the exact key word about
two to three times you want to drop the key word in the first hundred words.
And so so good to bold and Tulsa's or underlying the exact word to draw attention to this.
So that's really.
Let's return to our example now.
I think when I show you an example of all these best practices Ill bring it to life all the more.
Let's first talk about the heading tags.
So as I said it's important to have a key word in the heading types and the good news is for the hate
.
One TYG generally in wordpress it's all in the title of the post is automatically wrapped into the page
one tag.
So a few key words in there that's going to appear.
Now Page two tags if you want to set that up you just really format us by selecting page 2.
So again I've got the key word there are benefits of Eurail optimization.
And finally in Page 3 Tigi examples of your oil optimization.
Best Parks's.
So that covers often having tags.
Let's talk again about the Copie optimization so he can see I've got my key word in the first 100 words
.
I've bolded and italicized as well.
I haven't got 2000 plus words on the page but obviously that wouldn't be good to do as well.
So finally just scrolling down again and reviewing the overview from our WordPress SEO by Yeo's plug
in we can see that that content section has gone green because I've included the key word in the content
as well.
So that really wraps up the piece as well and all is looking very positive and great on page optimization
.